these my new turbulent or two flies been
working on for a while this one here is
unweighted I used yellow tube Polaris
tube for that you can tweak the tail
makes a rudder that will twist when you
string
this one here have to be waiting it's
large Earth's I'll show you on the next
video on tying tip with that and out of
time coming videos anyway what I did
then scratch my head would refer on how
to make good to fly box Adam I another
boxes this is the regular box nice
border it's polyethylene foam in there
that really holds hooks as you can see
now
I wanted to get
wait to hold all these flies and tubes
so what I came up with let's add a piece
of foam here took some of my weed guard
you bend the end of it what
and you can put flies on that or tube
flies these the large slides yes you can
put smaller flies on there I'll even
have my small black box made up for that
and you can get to you flies underneath
of it
it'll hold all that you want if you
don't want these big old flies in here
you can get you little er supplies in
there still have your tubes on there
those big size it should late this down
to film this but you get the idea pretty
much that's what holds it in
that's about it if you were getting
chased by old grizzly bear or landshark
whatever anyway that's gonna hold pretty
darn good boxes will still come without
them you can get them with them